# Battle_Of_Neighborhood

**Introduction & Business Problem**

The city of Toronto is the most populated city in Canada, it is the capital of the province of Ontario and home to more than 2.7 million people, making it the fourth most populated city in N.America. In the 20th century, the city experienced significant industrial development and subsequently became the English-speaking banking, financial and commercial heart of Canada and was named in the 21st century as one of the most important financial centers in the world thanks to his medical research, his film production, technology and computer science, the arts, education and many more.
With its diverse cultural institutions, including many museums and art galleries, festivals and public events, and many more, Toronto becomes America's most visited city.

These important tourist visits generate a very high competitive on the market. As it is a very developed city, so is the business case. That's why any new investment or company that wants to move to Toronto needs to use market-based insights that will help them understand the business environment, allowing for a strategy to reduce risk. And increase the return on investment.

**Problem Description**

A restaurant is a business establishment that serves prepared meals and beverages on the premises in exchange for a payment.The food is usually prepared by a chef. The term covers a multiplicity of places and a great diversity of types of cuisine, both local and foreign. The restaurants are sometimes the device reserved for serving meals within a larger entity (hotel, university, airport ...), we speak then of collective restaurant as opposed to the kitchen site. They can also be associated with a catering or grocery business. The restaurant offers more or less comfort conditions, and the restaurant is called "fast" when the customer can order and eat in minutes or tens of minutes, possibly standing.
While searching on the internet I found that Toronto has several types of restaurants: • Specific theme restaurants such as: Greek restaurants, French restaurants, Halal restaurants, Jewish restaurants and many more. • 2-there are restaurants in hotels like the Drake Hotel. • There are pizzerias also like Pizza Nova or Pizzayolo. • 4-bistros like Bistro 990 • 5- Global restaurants like Big smoke Burger or fan's restaurant. • 6- Restoring bars like the Rivoli
All this leads to a competitive market that requires distinguishing which are the criteria of location to choose to optimize income: • Presence of supplier nearby? • The demography of Toronto. • Number of competitors nearby • The demography of the neighborhood. • The contribution of the people of Toronto. • The list can continue ... This analysis allows an investor to be able to choose an optimal location for his business and can use this analysis to move or open an extension of his business.

**DATA DESCRIPTION**

For this problem, we will get the services of Foursquare API to explore the data of two cities, in terms of their neighborhoods. The data also include the information about the places around each neighborhood like restaurants, hotels, coffee shops, parks, theaters, art galleries, museums and many more. . We will use machine learning technique, “Clustering” to segment the neighborhoods with similar objects on the basis of each neighborhood data. These objects will be given priority on the basis of foot traffic (activity) in their respective neighborhoods. This will help to locate the tourist’s areas and hubs, and will help us to choose the right neighborhood to build our new establishment.
